DEVX-1960: Promote updated microservices demo on CCloud landing page (#718)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/ccloud-demos-overview.rst

.. figure:: images/services-in-cloud.jpg

Microservices in the Cloud
--------------------------

> The :ref:`microservices cloud demo <tutorial-microservices-orders>` showcases an order management workflow targeting |ccloud|. Microservices are deployed locally with Docker configured to utilize |ccloud| hosted services, including a |ak| cluster, |ksqldb|, and |sr-long|. |kconnect-long| is also deployed locally configured to |ccloud| and demonstrates a SQL source connector and Elasticsearch sink connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`microservices cloud demo <tutorial-microservices-orders>` showcases an order management workflow targeting |ccloud|.
Microservices are deployed locally on Docker, and they are configured to use a |ak| cluster, |ksqldb|, and |sr-long| in |ccloud|.
|kconnect-long| is also deployed locally on Docker, and it runs a SQL source connector to produce to |ccloud| and a Elasticsearch sink connector to consume from |ccloud|.
```
